feat: auth docs for deepagents deploy (#3650)
langchain-ai/docs: src/oss/deepagents/deploy.mdx

- `"thread"` (default): Each conversation gets its own sandbox. Different threads get different sandboxes, but the same thread reuses its sandbox across turns. Use this when each conversation should start with a clean environment.
- `"assistant"`: All conversations share one sandbox. Files, installed packages, and other state persist across conversations. Use this when the agent maintains a long-lived workspace like a cloned repo.

### `[auth]`

> Optionally, add an `[auth]` section to enable user authentication on the deployed agent. When present, the bundler generates an `auth.py` file that validates Bearer tokens, scopes all resources per authenticated user, and wires everything into the deployment automatically.

Reviewer: should we callout that this uses [custom auth](https://docs.langchain.com/langsmith/set-up-custom-auth#set-up-custom-authentication) under the hood? or not relevant?

Author: i think no bc users can't control that rn

- `"thread"` (default): Each conversation gets its own sandbox. Different threads get different sandboxes, but the same thread reuses its sandbox across turns. Use this when each conversation should start with a clean environment.
- `"assistant"`: All conversations share one sandbox. Files, installed packages, and other state persist across conversations. Use this when the agent maintains a long-lived workspace like a cloned repo.

### `[auth]`

(Optional)

> Add an `[auth]` section to enable user authentication on the deployed agent. When present, the bundler generates an `auth.py` file that validates Bearer tokens, scopes all resources per authenticated user, and wires everything into the deployment automatically — no custom code required.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Optionally, add an `[auth]` section to enable user authentication on the deployed agent. When present, the bundler generates an `auth.py` file that validates Bearer tokens, scopes all resources per authenticated user, and wires everything into the deployment automatically.
```

<ResponseField name="provider" type="string" required>
    Auth provider. Supported values: `"supabase"`, `"clerk"`.
</ResponseField>

```toml deepagents.toml
[agent]
name = "my-agent"

> model = "anthropic:claude-sonnet-4-6"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
model = "google-genai:gemini-3.1-pro-preview"
```
